did you hear the Jimmy Butler story of uh in the bubble like two weeks ago I mean
before the game or maybe three weeks ago before the games were really going and there was a uh
um a phone call or several phone calls I guess of a disturbance in Butler's room and they were like
oh so you heard the story right he was working out too aggressively he was working out too hard
like they thought they were going to interrupt a party with these wit ladies and they're like oh
man it's going to be this NBA star and they come in and he's like dripping sweat he's like what's the
he's just working out in his fucking hotel room by himself
at midnight you know
the pandemic has obviously heightened a lot of things that people don't like to think about but
i mean one of the things that occurs to me occasionally like we're right now we're having
lots of debates about like whether we should reopen because of you know North Carolina and
Notre Dame and Michigan State and all that sort of shit and i mean one of my positions on this is we
are so thinking only in terms of this semester like this is going to be a question for the for the
foreseeable future meaning like very realistically the next two to three years the problems that we're
facing right now we we can't do what we've set out to do i mean no university can do this but the
problem's still going to be there in a year right like next fall we're going to have the same problem
like maybe the protocols will then work but what i mean if what happens is you're talking about two to
three years you're talking about a you know not an entire generation but a significant chunk of folks
that just aren't going to have the traditional college experience and they're going to be okay
right i mean and so to me the likelihood if when we talk about this thing going on for a few years which
i think it's quite likely that it will you know i think that you're you're going to inevitably be
looking at oh well maybe the model for growing up as you know middle class to upper middle class is not
you know get a high school degree go to college for four years then enter the workforce because they
can't do that now um and so you know and if we're if we're talking several years where they just can't
do it then why bother continuing to try right why why not just create those alternative pathways
that are things like well look why don't i just go into a carpentry trade and then again what is it is
it like i also take night classes or i also take something else that that exposes me to something i mean
i don't know i don't know what i listen to podcasts on yeah right well you make podcasts on Hegel is what
you do i mean that you have to you have to turn yourself into the creator rather than just the
consumer somehow right i mean those are the those are the two options you have you either consume media
or create it so i think everyone has to turn into some version of that unless you want to exclusively do
a trade job you know it's like we're creators of content in the university in the context of the
university it's just that it's marketed it's already a part of that system we don't have to like market
ourselves to or advertise ourselves but it's content we're giving people content you know it's it's not
totally dissimilar from the the podcasting industry or whatever we need to do it we need to do a TikTok
video i think that we're i mean one thing i think we're trying to do with the podcast though is just
blur the lines between consumption and creation just a little bit um uh for a few different reasons like
one i mean there are different kinds of consumption right there are more and less passive
modes of consumption you would imagine with a podcast called Thinking With that this would
require a little bit more of an active style of consumption that um but the other thing is is
that yes we're producing content but none of us are Hegel experts i mean nate you're the closest to it
but i still don't think you would call yourself like a yeah you're not a philosopher of Hegel right
um so we're not delivering you know expert expert knowledge on Hegel what you know what we're doing is
offering an invitation to think with us thinking through something it's not like we don't have
expertises we do have you know expertise and training and all of these other things but that
we're not giving it to someone else and so i do think that what we're doing here is blurring the lines
between you know the content creation in the same way that we blur the pedagogical lines between you
know the kind of um free era you know banking model of of teaching well you're absolutely right i mean
our version of expertise i think you said this a few episodes ago Nathaniel is basically our ability or
our uh uh yeah ability to kind of suspend a level of certainty so no we're not experts on Hegel but
we are experts experts to an extent on how to discourse about stuff like whether it's Hegel or
or or whatever so I mean I wouldn't even call Zizek an expert on Hegel. I mean what he is is an expert on
how discourse works and his invented version of Hegel would be blasphemous to Hegelian like a proper
uh traditional Hegelian. But it's that that kind of expertise you probably shouldn't even call it that
but I think that's both uh more appropriate for our current context um for the sort of cultural temperature
of the nation and it might be more marketable, you know what I mean? So those aren't uh mutually exclusive.
it's it's certainly very very singular as a as a sort of type of expertise meaning it's not something that you can
simply outsource into a podcast or a textbook or it's it's something that requires the act the engagement
itself like you have to you know it's like it's it's Zizek that you want to introduce some sort of
thought process to it's not his books right? So I mean it requires I mean and that's that's a you know
a good marketing strategy in that regard it's like no no no what I have to sell here is not my ideas
about Hegel um what I have to sell here is my way of engaging something a sensibility yeah right a style
before we started this you know our we were initially thinking about do I mean you were pitching doing a
Heigeger reading group and you know like the premise for that was just that like this is people all the
people were quarantined or semi-quarantined they can't see each other and there's a whole lot of
you imagine that there's a whole lot of people that are just kind of itching for some kind of
intellectual engagement and if if they were just itching for content well fuck almighty there's
there's infinite content out there right and I I mean I share that that sense with you that at least
like there is a certain appetite and the pandemic might make it a certain starvation for
engaging with something a little bit more actively and I think in a marketplace that is flooded with
content creators and consumers of content you know in like our product could be on like ironically not
particularly like a product that as a consumable podcast I mean as a consumable content you know
obviously you hit play but and you listen to it um and certainly within you know what we would call the
attention economy it would be taking up one's attention but I do I mean if we're going to do
anything unique I would like to at every as much at every turn as possible you know complicate that
you know delivery model model of content well the distinction I mean we're not delivering anything to
each other we're just talking and when we've kind of discussed this too it's like that's what people
really want is engaged discussion I learn more from two or three guys girls just shooting the shit than
i do from like a deliverable lecture you know what I mean just because you learn you're learning how
people are engaging and how they're interfacing with each other it's just it's just honestly it's as
simple as can I pay attention to the thing like like uh attention span I'm much more inclined to pay
attention to two or three people talk that are actually engaged than I am to one of those like
standard theory or philosophy podcasts where they're kind of just giving the synopsis of nature
you know I can't I literally can't physically listen to this I can't make myself do it yeah I mean this is
where you know the another binary gets kind of called into question between you know the delivery and
the just talking too because I mean we are just talking and you know we do shoot the shit but
you know we also have we also have we bring you know particular orientations and I would say each
of us individually but also you know our conversations have taken on a particular style as
as well um and that's where I I agree with John and just sort of within the um general conversation
we've been having the necessity of the you know in itself to become the for itself as well that
we're we're not just doing the thing and we're not just creating the thing but we're talking about
creating the thing that we are doing which means that the thing that we are creating is you know changes
from moment to moment as well um and that that's I think that's a just that's a way of disrupting
or um complicating another you know common binary between the just talking about stuff and the
enacting of a program right right yeah I mean we do all have goals here or at least you know
we've talked about this too like John has his book I have the the dissertation you are a little more
interested in just in just playing around with this con with this uh kind of uh well but it's also
his book too right right well yeah yeah I'm not I'm not saying you're goalless I'm saying you're
sort of more open you weren't as like focused on one specific thing at least at the inception of
this thing but what was it what's interesting to me going back to some of the initial podcasts
Is how our sensibilities have like molded and kind of calcified at points and then opened up to each
other it's like this constant contraction and opening up where there has been a development but it's it's
taken all these weird directions where like the you know the not necessarily clashes but like
just the the dissonance and resonance of our various takes on Hegel has developed into something much
stranger than it was at the beginning and more interesting yeah and initially you know i didn't
have a a specific program other than just hanging out and talking but the more we do these the more
our conversations and the more of the reading of Hegel intersects by much more specific projects i mean
i sent out the text about you know thinking about um the intersections of writing and expressionism and
and Hegel and you know obviously with the plato article i'm reading writing at the moment you know the
like movement as a the center of that and that's this has been a very productive so the conversations
for thinking about that yeah yeah i i was i was thinking about this question because i feel like um
uh for me my relationship to the Hegel that we're thinking through i feel like there are times where
i'm like really trying to be open to the sort of um productive reading of Hegel and really follow
and there are times where i'm pulling back from it and being like well hold on a second it seems like
there's an awful lot of unity here right and and there's a way and i don't nate i don't think that
you understand it this way at all so um but there's a way in which it could sound like i'm just sort of
berating you you know like like why don't you get with the fucking program because because of that sort
of that that that oscillation for me and for me it's not that and i don't think that you think that
it's that either um like you know why don't you just embrace multiplicity fucker you know why don't
you just um but instead it's it is constantly me trying to figure out a way into this system not
not you specifically although you're the occasion for it but uh you know a way into this system
you know that and so each each sort of each attack in that case is is really much more of a
just sort of a probing to see what can happen rather than like oh he tried attack one it didn't
work now he's going to try it again the week after that and then again the week after that you know
yeah and and you don't i mean again you don't respond defensively at all so it's i don't feel like
you're getting that impression but certainly one could you know sure sure another another type of human
might get defensive John i am i have a strong will yeah well that's part of the problem it's not
question of will standing up against it either because it's not an attack but that was there's
the text exchange that we had like what is last thursday or something like that is a long text
exchange that where when you were getting drunk and Nathaniel and i were having the text the text
exchange where i was just like god if you read this you know it just sounds like we're berating Nate
and of course i knew you weren't gonna you weren't gonna read it that way i wasn't worried about that
and it wasn't because you're stalwart and committed to your position it's just like you kind of know us
and you know that that's not what's going on um right right but but it's interesting that i mean it
certainly can't have so the that's that sense of like the distinction between you know aggression in
the Nietzschean sense and resentment is like you know there there isn't a simple way of making that
distinction you know it it it so depends on the variables in play that this can easily get heard
as resentment Nate and and Hegel have become a good enemy for you not to defeat but to sort of like
stage productive encounters like life-affirming encounters to see all right what happens when
you know you know this articulation of the thing meets up against that articulation of the thing
rather than trying to like win a over in some kind of a way to get him to accept some kind of end
point right you would actually lose that dynamism if if you just simply adopted it but would also be a
it also wouldn't be valuable if both you and Nate didn't sort of get transformed in the if we simply
maintained it and we're sort of trying different rhetorical ways of persuading one another that
would be equally that that would be a stalemate of a different kind so in that case like winning and
losing are both bad versions of playing right either of those resolutions would just be boring about you
know what i mean like if if i came over to the Deluce side and was just like all right well i'm on
board with this now and fuck Hegel like or whatever you know or if i somehow persuaded you guys to just
take the zizek line like then where would the conversation go it would be kind of just like
just affirming each other like ceaselessly i do think that it would probably go through a stage like
That, uh, I mean obviously I'm not taking it like this at all but obviously at a certain point I developed a
much more niche and Deleuzian sensibility and like that was something that I struggled with as well as like how am I
different than John because you know clearly in the the field for professionalization you know I can't
just be many John and John's like you can because you're not gonna be and it's gonna be like the
differences are gonna come out whether or not you try to make them or not but the other thing that I found
is that you know um while we don't have conversations about you know Deleuze or the
Hegel or or Zizek we do have a lot of conversations that um sort of bring out like much more internal
resonances that that you know it's just like that those dynamics um have just sort of shifted locales
now it took a little bit of time for those locales to develop enough for them to be really productive
um but you know the I don't think that you need externally speaking I don't think you need the um
you know the one finger against the other thing you're in order to produce that kind of dynamism
that can happen within you know particular constellation figures as well because it's
never just Deleuze or need to like Deleuze plus Nietzsche plus Spinoza plus well and look I mean no
no one of those thinkers is simply identical to themselves I mean that's the the obvious lesson
of Zizek's reading of Hegel is there's just not right right so so Hegel is not one thing a sentence is not
one thing and so therefore that's where to me it's it's less about like you maintaining your resolve or
your position and you know or or not and or or me attack you know attacking or not and it really is
it does become like the the sort of circuits within that that are generative productive interesting
insightful you know that that matter and that that you keep it because because I actually I mean I
agree with Nathaniel like I remember the process a little bit of the process for him I mean I'm not
not in his head but like you know there was a pretty extreme skepticism with which you began
like you know what maybe a decade ago you know this sort of the trajectory the philosophical itinerary
that you're that you're pursuing now and I don't see like our thinking as identical at all and and you
push back on me it's just in different ways than Nate puts pushes back you know and and so it's not
because we share something and the pushback is that it's it's really not that it's just like well we're
different people and you know right so it's I mean that's where you know I mean I remember Nathaniel
and I had this conversation we sort of had on text but I remember you know when I came out of graduate
school and people were talking about like you know I'm working my diss into the book at that point and
people are talking about the sort of need to distinguish oneself from one's advisor or mentor or
whatever and I never felt that like I just never felt the desire to distinguish myself from from Neil in
and I was you know it was always like I always felt like it was a relay that I relied on like I trusted
in and had value in but I never felt like I wanted to be like this is not that and in fact it's it's been
in the last few years where I've um discovered things where I feel like they're you know in reading
some of his more recent stuff where I feel like they're really there is a divergence and it makes
me sad like that's actually my response is when and not because I think he's done wrong or I've done
wrong but it's just it's much more of like oh there's a distance here when there wasn't a distance before
and and so like I don't feel the need to distinguish myself but the distinction is happening and it's
like oh that's too bad like that's I miss a time when I just was like well I'm not sure if
I said that to him or he said that to me you know what I mean like I I liked that now when I was in
it and especially initially and young that indistinction in your brain is this my thought
is this my mentor's thought is this my friend's thought that was really troubling and anxiety
producing um but I lived there long enough that it just stopped being anxiety producing it was like
it doesn't really matter to me you know one thing that I feel pretty confident about is that I don't
I don't have my own thoughts right like I I'm just I'm just okay with that in ways that and that's a
multiplicity you know if you want to yeah yeah yeah take that take that line yeah right I mean and you
you get that from Hegel as well like the the collective like it's not something you have to strictly
speaking get nervous about or have anxiety about like Harold Bloom's anxiety of influence right
right right you don't have to have that orientation you can embrace that whatever you want to call it
multiplicity or collective in Hegelian terms so I think that that is at least like I think there's a
an equivalence between identifying cool shit and creating cool shit right like those are not
Like when you're reading cool stuff and you're like, oh, that's a cool passage, that's the same thing for
me almost as creating that thing myself, you know, I mean, like it's it's not the exact same movement
clearly, but when I find a passage in Žižek where I'm like, that's profound or whatever and I take
that, clip it out, comment on it, that's not, I'm not being derivative there, you know, or at least I don't
feel that way, you know, you're reciting it into a different network, right, right, it takes on, it gets
reanimated. I was going to say I never felt that, I never felt that, um, that anxiety on a personal
level, um, because it was just, it was fun to be there because I was actually thinking through stuff
um, no, the anxiety was only ever external, like in order to publish, you know, you have to, and we were
talking about this last time, like this is why you have so many, you know, rhetorical theorist concept of
X, you know, trademark, um, that again obviously has a professional purchase, but it just comes with so
much baggage as well, and then that's trying to navigate the two things, you know, the professional
level is it's not maybe it's not it's not anxiety producing, it's just a bit more frustrating
it's it's annoying, yeah, it's definitely annoying just the fact that the we taught yeah, we talked about the
pressures of the the market in the publishing industry and how it creates broad basically, um,
and yeah, I mean I feel that as well I've already attempted to coin my own concept, you know, and it's
basically just a version of Alf heybung or or or the dialectic it's just like well here's another term
that I found a funny spin on it, it's like it's it's productive but the impulse to make that concept
might have come from the wrong place, you know, it's like it's trying to balance that
I mean it's like, you know, you don't want your point guard to be neurotic, you know, if Damian
Lillard had my level of uh self-consciousness I don't think he would be dropping 60 a night, right
he'd be he'd be lost every time he's unconscious, man, exactly, every time he'd miss a shot he'd be thinking
about that and then he'd miss the next shot, that's that like with a with an effect with an effective
leader it's at a certain register in certain contexts you need someone who's precisely not
self-conscious, who's willing to lead you into battle and just make decisions rather than
my deranged form of leadership where I'm just questioning my capacity to lead
this hits on a point is like that, but that's that's self-consciousness as a uh as a vicious circle
right, that's not self-consciousness as a progressive, but like and and that I mean the point to which you
return as your kind of paradigm is the inability to master contingency, right, and so the contingency is
the case and that that's that's the the big lesson, right, the big takeaway is that contingency can never
be mastered and and for me that I guess it's I'm getting to this idea that there's there's a next
point there that matters too which is that you can't even master the non-mastery of contingency
and and I feel like that's where you as a voice for Žižek or or Žižek seem to be stuck
right, which is just the sort of pointing out of the inability to mastery contingency
is a stable point it seems to be a basis from which one can look at everything and say see they
can't master contingency see they can't master contingency see they can't master contingency
which is and you can even say about yourself ah see I can't master contingency either I mean that's
fine so you can be self-critical and and you know no one knows but that seems to be to be a mastery a
kind of mastery of the non-mastery of contingency right like that it's like well I I got this point
and that's where to me it becomes the the smartest guy in the room argument right like so that here's
what I can do I can show why everybody else's thing sort of falls apart and even my thing fall like I can
show all of those things but that's kind of limit and it's kind of it's kind of like what you were
saying with the self-conscious uh the Damian Lillard self-consciousness thing is that it's not
it's it can't go anywhere it can only show everybody else that they can't go anywhere
now yeah, I mean there is a point where it does become self-defeating it's just that well at
least the better parts of Žižek like lend themselves to thinking that as a diagnostic
point rather than like we should just revel in this non-mastery like it's like if if you can diagnose
a level of non-mastery at the base at the basis of just existence right if if the telos if we're going to
acknowledge the telos and I I get that you guys are like trying to complicate that but if there is
this constant tension between success and failure or between like assimilating your environment and
giving yourself up to it, right, there is then a base level attempt at like a libidinal level
To whatever you want to call it, master contingency, to be successful in your environment successful in
your own subject's orientation towards the world, so if that is a telos or a goal for subjectivity
at its sort of structural level, um, then I I at least think it's productive discursively, um,
to continually come back to that failure. Now we can we can get into, like, the dynamics of that and why
failure is not an an appealing, um, concept for you guys especially in the Deleuzian terminology, but for
me it's it's both not it's both. You're right, it is sort of arrogant, like especially with Zizek it does
kind of lend itself to, well, everybody's wrong but I'm actually right because I recognize that right, that
we're all wrong. It does lend itself to that at points and I definitely grant that, but what it should
do theoretically is lead to a level of modesty in the face of decision making, right, because
if you if you suspend that certainty then I don't know, it doesn't have to be paralyzing, it can just
lead to more thinking about the decision or you know, in sports it does not work. I would like, I really
think there is a different, like, Damian Lillard cannot think like Zizek, that would not working
work, um, but in policy writing, policy making, and in theory, I mean it can it can be effective. I don't
but I don't know because there you're distinguishing a decision from the self-conscious reflection on the
decision, and it seems to me that self-consciousness is just another decision, right? Like in other words,
so to me all the decisions that players make instantaneously in the course of the game, those
are exactly the same as the decisions that a writer makes or a talker makes or anything else. So that
you know, like right now we're doing that, and so self-consciousness to me, that that's why it's
important that self-consciousness not be seen as a meta move and instead be seen as just another move
right? So it's a it's a response, it's a particular kind of response, it's it's a distinctive kind of
response. When I say, well what do I mean by saying it's a distinctive time, that's a particular move that
I'm making, just like going behind your back is a particular move. It's it's not the same as others,
but it's still it's still a move in the game, it's just another move in the game. You're right, no it's
not a meta move, but there is a duration difference, right? And I think that that's key. That part is key.
That's what I mean with the sports thing, it's too quick. It's too quick to have the kind of like
extended, um, reflection is not the word here, but like just you know, uh, think, you can't think in sports.
I mean you have to suspend that kind of conscious interaction at some level, right? So like even though
we're going back and forth and you could make the metaphor that we're like you know I'm doing a behind
the back pass to Nathaniel and he's he's given John an alley-oop for the for the Deleuzian point
it's still at a different register. I mean we're operating, we're talking quickly enough and we're
thinking with each other, thinking with, let's plug the podcast name there real quick, but um,
I love that we just had a marketing moment with no one to market. Let's plug with no audience who's
our sponsors, but but I I I do think even just the duration uh makes a huge difference, um, in those
kinds of decisions, right? But but you could say for instance that I'm thinking of a um one of the
Pelicans games I watched in the in the bubble a couple of weeks ago when the defense was clearly
laying off of LaVar Ball, right? Like please go shoot, right? And this and each time down the court
I mean what they were effectively doing was making the same argument over and over again
right? Like it's like okay we're coming back down the court again, now is now what we're going to do is
we're going to make this argument which is that LaVar LaVar Ball can't beat us and until he does we're
just going to go under the screen, you know? So so that was and now it involves all kinds of
decision making in the mode like how you know going under the pick, you know, whatever whatever it might
be sagging off whatever it might be, but still it's like it was part of an argument and it thought in
those terms, right? I mean I don't think it really is an argument and I'm not trying to make everything
into an argument, but the the to me they really are the same and and I get that duration thing but for
instance a defensive strategy or an offensive strategy has duration as well, which is to say
that the first time you go to Ad in the post it doesn't pan out, he turns the ball over, but you
still keep going to Ad in the post until they start double teaming him until they have a rebuttal
in this terminology, right? Until they have a rebuttal to it and then you attempt something else
so so the duration I think is is more than you're giving credit for, like even even in the momentary
fast decision making of sports there are longer enduring arguments than others, you know, and and so
And certainly moments where you say, well, we're going to set that argument aside.
You know, and try to start another kind of argument, but we're going to come back to this in the fourth
quarter when we need a bucket or we need to stop or whatever else. You know, right, right, Lonzo Ball.
Not Lamar, Lamar's the dad. LaVar is the dad, yeah.
That's the fear of failure is what causes people to fair, causes people to fail in sports. The another
you know provisional difference between basketball and theory or writing or talking theory is that
theoretically theoretically we are not uh trying to win um either when we're writing right
that's not the deal that's not the goal so if that's the goal that creates a whole set of
conditions everything psychologically physically right that that um you know Damian Lillard can only be
in Nietzsche in terms what is it like the noble man right he can't be the over man because that would
be that would be a level of incoherence you know what I mean? Yeah, but that's what I want
that's where I want to kick you because I feel like I've been saying this to you for at least over
a year I remember meeting with you about a seminar paper like a year and a half ago and I remember
saying I don't know if I said this but I certainly thought this I'm sure I said it another time it's
like you're gonna have to stop being content with being the smartest guy in the room you know did I
say did I say that I think yeah yeah yeah you said that at some point because that to me is that
that to me is the thing that's going to frustrate you it's like because first of all you just are so
let's just accept that but who cares it doesn't it doesn't necessarily buy you anything or get you
anything and that's to me when we think of the the pointing out of the failure uh to totalize or the
failure to unify and the necessity of contingency that to me ends up being the stopping point it
doesn't it doesn't mean that things can't come out of that of course of course they can but it ends
up being a stopping point for you can you can say that's true of everything and you can even say
it's true of yourself but but that fact means you've hypostasized that position into a position
you know and and that's what I mean by the symptom of the smartest guy there's like I have the Zizek
knowledge or whether Zizek does it or you don't do it it doesn't matter to me you know
well to be clear I'm I I would like to shit on everybody including Barad so it's it's not simply
the the appropriators it's I would like to also say Barad is bad bad no I know I know
I know it brings it brings us to a point where we can actually return go more directly to the text
because we were like 22 or something something like that and I was I was rereading it this morning
and uh this is this is a question that I just want to raise because it's it's not specific to Hegel
at all and Hegel actually draws on it draws it from Aristotle and but it's a motif that you've
heard a million times we've all heard a million times which is um the question of the superiority
of that which is internal to that which is external right like I don't get it I just I I just don't
get it the the idea that if it comes from within that's better than it coming from without um and
or more truthful or more honest or or something like that and here we're talking now about what the
unmoved mover um the on in 22 right the unmoved which is also self-moving a power to move is pure
negativity is just the unrest that is the self unfolded becoming etc etc and and this to me is
just something I want to throw out to you guys because it's a value that is fundamental it seems
like in philosophy um I don't know that I can really think of people who've questioned it much
um and until we get to the sort of post-structuralist right the the thinkers of the outside you know
um but I'm I'm just sort of curious if you guys have some thoughts then on why the presumed privileging
of interior uh that which comes from the interior being superior to that which is accidental and
external well I won't say accidental adds another factor into it but being external maybe that's the
answer I've got a quick take on it is that I mean one there's a it couples with a another value binary
between the active and the passive that the thing that moves by itself is active in the generation yes
and it's more authentic because it determines its own movement whereas the thing that is moved from the
outside it's it's not moving itself so it is not it doesn't have the capacity to not move or move this
way so it's not like the self-generation is what makes it authentic or inauthentic it's just passively
being moved right which I would also say then hooks very quickly and nicely and with a certain you know
local logo phallocentrism as well is that the activity of the man against the passivity of of
the woman as well right or the passivity of matter, the the external material world, yeah, um, yeah, i mean
i think like it sort of relates to the idea of concrete universality in a way as well where it's that
tension between, again, it's coming back to the mastering contingency thing, where this was actually
something i i had in response to your chapter, john, uh, on audience and stuff where you're you're you're
talking about the tension between specificity and generality and i was like well concrete universe
versality is a is a good, like, i don't know, foil for thinking through that and it it g jack's take on
that uh at a certain register is that you know context is the rule, right? context uh breaks everything
apart uh and so that it's not that it's equivalent to the universal, it's that the universal the dimension
of the universal, um, or is basically the the movement of self-positing which means like right that
there's all these presuppositions uh in our in your interfacing with the world that are uninterrogated, so
it's the inability, i i this seems it sounds reductive the way i'm phrasing it right now, but
the inability to master contingency that's the universal dimension of subjectivity for someone
like zizek so the external there is no simple externality obviously for for hegel or for zizek's
take because everything is in a process of internalization, right? there's no world out there that's separate from
me, there's no contingency out in the world that is absolutely separable from the subject
contingency is the subject's workings on the world, right? so it's like it's that folding process of
internalization that is not it you know you can't rest in that there again it's the there's no comfort
in that but there's a difference between saying so what you just said the contingency is the subject's
working on the world as opposed to contingency is the world's working on the subject, right? like right
and that that to me is yeah i mean it's the same i i i get that it's the same thing and um and i get
that he's not simply wanting to keep the outside outside, right? i mean certainly not in hegel, um, but
nevertheless i just think there's a big difference between starting from provisional interiority and
then proceeding to incorporation and exteriority and the the subject working on the world being
contingency and starting from exteriority and i mean frankly the fold right like exterior the fold is
just like hey two exterior forces meet and one of them you know folds and now you have interiority but
interiority is only an effect of exteriority i mean so it's not that there's no interiority it's just that
it's second rather than first and and here it feels like it's first um in terms of like we're starting
with the self mover now of course you know in that sense consciousness or whatever you know uh that
that sort of interiority in immediacy is the sort of first point that you have to kind of move past
right get past to to to enter into the uh because here in the next few pages he really does talk i
mean it addresses nathaniel's question of the like are there aborted roads and it's like well yeah there
are actually it seems like there are some people who are just further along some individuals that are
just further along in this process than other individuals for hegel and so you have this sort of
you know i wrote in the margin twice and then i saw that i'd written it years ago like on the next page
of ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny right like that the individual's growth is also the story of
spirits you know uh sort of not transcendent but for provisional terms trans transcendent growth
and i mean you have the same kind of story and the story really is one of starting from interior
individuality and and the in itself to the for itself that becomes in itself for it's you know
that becomes the and and so in many ways you would say the starting point is the problem here or or
or is the source of is the thing that i have uh take issue the starting point is the difference and i i
understand i understand sort of the appeal of uh multiplicity or force as this as the starting
point because if you start with externality then there is no failure right there can't be failure
if it's just forces moving on there's forces and there's no success either right like it's just as
important yeah and and with hegel if you start with the with the internal with or with interiority
failure has to be primary basically to make that system function the way he does uh dialectically failure
failure has to be the primary you know collapse of subjectivity so i again this comes back to like
why why would i prefer that well it's like it it maybe it's because um i at a basic level like i still
subscribe to some version of humanism you know what i mean like where like i just feel like yeah yeah
this is why i react a little bit or not just a little bit but to the post-humanist some of the
variations of that because i'm like i just don't see how we get out of of some of these dynamics right
The I see, I see the need to because it's led to all these issues, but it's like I just personally I'm like
especially today with the shit just collapsing all around us and, you know, all, like, the the pressures
of capitalism just kind of calcifying and turning into all this complete bullshit in terms of how
we interact online and and blah blah blah, I I just struggle to see a way out, you know? And it's like
maybe it's sort of a dystopian line at a certain level for me that I just locked into. I mean, that's
interesting because for me my response to that exact same quandary is overcome the human.
Right? Like Nietzsche, Nietzsche gives you the answer. In other words, like, the humans is is the problem.
Right? There's no, I mean, in so far as if you remain within the parameters of the problem of you as
you've diagnosed it, there isn't an answer, and that that's where I feel like Nietzsche says
don't stay within those parameters, like this is a species that is the the species is the problem.
You know, I mean, the uniqueness of the human might be that it's posited its own interiority, which is
which leads to a notion of success and failure that can produce a certain kind of
the the neurosis of never being able to get out, right? Um, but yeah, if you begin with the fold, which
would mean that there's no such thing as exterior forces either, right? Exterior already loses its
meaning every bit as much as internality, but um, which which also means that not everything is just
external. I mean, like, the the wrinkle that I always like to add to your explanation of the two forces
meet and create the fold is you know force meets force meets it bends it creates you know a little
cul-de-sac or fold or whatever, and that creates its own not properly internal dynamics, but it
creates a subset of dynamics that then necessarily expresses itself that yes it's not in other words
that little the fold is not reducible to the forces that make it up that it creates a dynamic into
itself, and that's what's interesting about subjectivity because you know if you take subjectivity as you know
a particular um intersection of folds like that well that creates a whole lot of complexity for some
interesting offshoots and intensivity as well. I I totally agree, and and for me I mean this is I mean
this had nothing to do with philosophy. I remember ninth grade AP bio class and I I know I told you this
story before Nathaniel of like, you know, Doctor what I can't remember what his name was, but like, we're
doing the dissection of a pig fetus or whatever in ninth creed AP bio, and he keeps talking about the
lungs and the lungs as interior components of the body, and I was like that doesn't make any sense at
all that and and I wasn't trying I mean I think I probably was kind of trying to be a jackass, but I was
actually genuinely confused. I was like the lungs wouldn't work if they were inside of the body, right? They
they just they they wouldn't I mean it wouldn't work, right? I mean, I'm just saying, I mean, I understand
where they are physically, it's not like I forgot where lungs are located, but that can't be called
the inside of the body. Otherwise, it wouldn't work, and so that that's for me way prior to philosophy
the notion of a primordial interiority at the level of breathing doesn't make sense, right? Like
these mammalian organisms don't work if they have an inside, you know? So so they're, you know, or they
don't work if they have a a closed off inside, and so therefore I just never thought that an inside
or an interiority was primordial preliminary or or anything. It was just like that can't be the case.
And so to me when I you know reading this sort of Aristotelian heritage and it just popped into my
mind as I was reading through it this morning of like there just seems like a very very long history
of the uh unthought privileging of interiority um in ways that I just I like I said I just actually
don't get it just doesn't make sense, so I I'm totally willing to say to think in terms of the fold
produces what we would call interiority that has attributes of itself that are irreducible to the
forces that produce I mean I'm I'm way okay with that that's just there's an emergent phenomena to
emergent components and attributes to to uh you know forces like meeting one another um so so yeah
that's cool but it's not a it's not a starting point um it's I mean or rather it's a starting point
only if you say all right bracket the ways in which these things came into being bracket all of the
exteriority now we're just going to look at this organism and we're going to and this organism
happens to be called the human and we're going to ask how does its mind work how does its lungs work
how did you know and again totally cool with that type of questioning I don't have a beef with that
type of questioning but it is never going to be a question of taking that interiority and exposing it
to an outside because it was never an interiority you know well it's worth taking the neurosis that
That realization can produce, I mean I remember, you know, even younger than ninth grade, you know, like I
mean in elementary school and kind of coming to the realization that my, like, the, you know, that the
concrete realization, not just a theoretical realization, that my body has pores on it, that there's like
microbes in my gut, that, you know, that there is no protecting me from the alien of the outside, and
that was like gross and terrifying, and it was like well if then what am I if not always already, you know,
contaminated? And that was, you know, that, that was like what the fuck, uh, you know, i'm, i'm not me, um
and that was it took me a while to, I mean, grant I was in elementary school, but it took me a while to
kind of become okay with, and I swear like it also had, um, like it also affected the kinds of things that I
would eat, so like i'm not gonna eat things that, um, you know, that have other critters growing, like, like
the idea of bacterial cultures or stuff like that, um, which is obviously really not good for you to not eat
that kind of stuff, but but then like as I became increasingly okay with it, that, you know, i'm not
simply myself. That also, you know, we were talking about Hume a few times ago too, that that just also
lent to a sort of cultivation or expansion of, you know, my, um, you know, comfort with, you know, non-self
identity and engagement with with difference, with with otherness as well, but the neurosis and the fear
we're for real, but the human consciousness, so that's where that's how I understand Nietzsche's, you know,
one of the famous phrases of like consciousness hasn't caught up to the body. Yeah, like, yeah, the body
understands interiority's irrelevance or relative irrelevance. Consciousness, on the other hand, doesn't
right, like, so the terror that you experience is because your mind hasn't caught up to your body, and or
you know, human consciousness, it's just not it is. It's on a, like, a lower evolutionary scale
than the body itself. The body itself is way more advanced in terms of relationality, exteriority, than
than consciousness is. Human consciousness. Well, I see myself repeating these things, re-inscribing these
things in Lachlan too, like, you know, things about, like, we don't want you to cut yourself because we want
to keep the blood on the inside, right? Or we need to keep the germs on the outside, but there are, there's
the big germ, but the big germ is actually made up of very small germs, and not all germs are bad for you.
So I want you to eat the things with the good germs, but we want to keep most things out of your mouth.
Like so I mean I for him, you know, like I mean I can just see a sort of sense and an identity with the
inside outside getting produced that, you know, we must think we're trying to torture him too because we're
also just trying to destabilize, like this is really important, inside outside inside outside, also really
important to not. So yeah, I mean there's an array of of responses you can have to that, like kind of
primordial affectability or responsibility. I think those are like terms that Davis, that Diane Davis
uses, and for Hegel, tear, that terror that you were talking about, Nathaniel, is kind of primary, right, so
it's the it's the recovery or reaction to an initial terror at that responsiveness to the world
that leads to other orientations. Now the one you're talking about where you kind of achieve a level of
I don't know resolve with that uh dynamic, that's a pretty sophisticated, you know, sensibility I think at
a at a basic level most people need to lie to themselves, right, like so that that's Nietzsche's like
you know certain lies are necessary. Um, you're you're not only the consciousness has to lie to yourself but
at a certain level your body has to your body has to lie to itself because if you were to experience the
inner workings of your digestive tract at every moment, right, that would lead to a level of paralysis, um
so the interiority in Hegel at least the way that i'm reading it via Zizek is that it's a it's a
necessary lie or an illusion or a phantasm in like Derrida's terms, right, it's a it's a it's produced by
the mechanism of the self or of subjectivity rather than being the Aristotelian or even
Descartes presupposed unified self. It's a projection that is nonetheless necessary or
has purchased, right, identity producing projection but but that's where i'd be like well maybe necessary
for human consciousness, like so in other words if what we want to say is Zizek's Hegel is a really
good diagnosis of human consciousness I would grant that and say so what you know like I mean I really
build a different kind of consciousness. Yeah, right, like that's all the more reason for like pushing
to something else. Well I mean I agree, but it's but i'm also like well what have we done that or like
why hasn't anybody done that yet why are we not? Well I think lots of people are trying to do it and have
tried to do it. I mean everybody's trying that's the thing it's like we can't do it yet that's my that's my
issue it's like we should rush the product to market evolution happens slowly man yeah yeah it'll happen
I mean, hey, we'll be extinct soon. Who gives a fuck? But yeah, it will change. This is the other thing, it
will change. We will not direct that change. Well, let's see. Everybody. Well, like that's where I would
like, yes, it will change. Yes, we don't direct in some sort of like generalissimo standing above, but that
doesn't mean that there aren't things that you can do that facilitate, you know, like that, that produce.
Now, they may not be the intended effects. They may not be anything else, but that's where, to me, that that
is if I feel like there is an, you know, ethical imperative to the thinking of multiplicity, that's where it
comes from is like it is a kind of commitment to experimentation with the body and and and with
thinking and its possibilities. It's like that's where I was like make something fucking cool, right? Like it
doesn't. It doesn't matter. And look, always balancing that with a kind of pragmatism I think is, you know,
that's what I do. I mean, I'm not, you know, I'm a fucking professor at a university, however idiosyncratic
I might sound like. I pay my mortgage and do you know like so there's a pragmatism uh as well um that is
at least for me kind of creates a baseline of repetition that allows for other kinds of experimentation.
No, I mean, I think at a certain level you have to do both, right? I mean, like it's I want to live.
Yeah, I feel like we're coming back to Nietzsche's truth and lies here quite a bit in this these last
like 30, 20 minutes, like where, again, it's like the the necessary there's a necessary pragmatism
at the subjective level that you have to kind of embody um but he's also clearly endorsing an
experimentalism too, especially in in other works in the figure of the overman and the eternal return.
So it's it's maybe it's not a balance between the two, but there's certainly a tension there that's
productive in Nietzsche and in the sensibility that Nathaniel's talking about.
The only thing that I would push and perhaps even push the thinking and in that truth and lies essay
is, well, the idea that you know we can't direct change or the um, you know, we're not going to be
the architects of whatever change, like things will change, but we're not going to have anything to
do with that change. Yeah, I'll totally agree. Like, we're not going to be architects of it, we're not
going to stand above it and direct it here or there. We're not even going to be able to have the capacity
to imagine a future and then tell whether or not we succeeded or failed at it, but I would say that
I would go so radically far the other direction and say that we can't help but uh uh shape that future.
Like, at even the most infinitesimal levels, we we are shaping that thing, and that's
you know, we come back to the mandate of experiments. Like, given the conditions that I am already always
already, you know, inventing with the future, like how does the one comport oneself to that as as an
experimental model? All right. I mean, given like it's not even like, you know, the the maxim can't be
invent, right? It's because that's just going to be the given, which is, well, how how does one comport
oneself to the invention or to the inventive process? I love that when Debbie and I did this thing together
back in grad school, the post-human thing. This is before post-humanism was even a term, so it just
popped up in a couple of places, but I love we had a last line and I can't remember which of us wrote it
but I remember I had it on this little part, but the very last line was like, and so the message of
post-humanism concludes with a single imperative: experiment because you already are. And I love the
second part of that, you know, because it's also not a verb, right? Like because you already are, like
experiment. Like do this because you already are this, right? And I I love the conjunction of the two which
fits with what you're saying, which is, you know, like what what you are is an experiment and so me telling
you to do it is both really important and also totally superfluous, you know, right, right? Yeah, I mean,
it's redundant and sort of necessary as an imperative. Yeah, yeah, I mean, I I keep thinking about like just in
the context of these last few months, like my own sort of transformation, like I I've lost a bunch of
weight, I've gotten in better shape, I've uh experimented with like my sleep schedule with
certain relationships, and the the standard humanist orientation towards that would be that I am the
architect of those changes, right? That I made choices and change happened because of those choices, and at
a certain level that's true, but when you take the Hegelian or even I think the Deleuzian line, I think
they're complementary on this on this front, is that you're a product of changes as much as you are a
facilitator of them. So the reason I lost weight was not because I decided like like in my in my heart
of hearts I was like I'm gonna get in better shape. No, I moved home, I stopped eating the foods that I
like because I'm not buying them because my parents are buying food, they're not right. It's just all these
External, well, external environmental factors that have led to these changes, so I, I am in like it's
not that I'm not the architect, I mean, I am a component of it, I mean, what you're, you're oscillating
between the active passive inside outside question and that's where like, so one of the chat, the titles
of one of the little vignette chapters is, uh, for me on the concept of context is that we need to again
thinking context is internal to the text, not as some surrounding external, you know, I mean, that's to
me one of the biggest and also it's impossible to do, right? It's impossible given our uh, you know
conceptual coordinates. It's impossible to think context internal to the term, like try it because
what will happen is the distinction between them will fall apart and everything, I mean, it it renders
than this kind of indistinct mass which is not what I'm interested in either, I just want to kind of
complicate the implicit way in which context means surrounding, you know, external and surrounding to
whether it's a statement or an action or a person or whatever it is, context is always the outside
surrounding and so we are thinking of ways of injecting that into the inside such that we start
thinking of like literally the statement, you know, I love you is literally not the same statement from
circumstance to circumstance. It's it's not the same statement in different contexts, it's a different
statement because the contexts are internal, but you know that's a hard that's my favorite way of teaching
close reading, that's the way I teach close reading and like I mean since doing the ways of
reading stuff is you know to look at the context that the text creates for itself, right? It's creating
relationships that I mean you know I usually talk about in terms of the sense rather than the context
of the thing, but I I always hate stuff that tries to put statements in some kind of broader historical
context or tries to extract propositions as if they stand alone on themselves and I mean like this is
you know you can this was also when I was thinking hermeneutics the most carefully vis-a-vis Gadamer
and Heidegger but it was always my favorite thing to do and teaching close reading is to sort of like
look to the internally produced context and the way that that um, you know, sentences bear on each other
or that senses of words bear on each other that you're not going to understand you know this sentence
until you've read all the way through and then you come back to it again and you're right that that like
there's never a rigorous process because every time you're reading through it different sentences
different aspects of it are getting amplified since other ones are following through the cracks which are
creating different kinds of relationships which are creating different contexts for these things to
resonate but it's far more for me it's just it's far more inclined to produce
um experimental thinking to think context internal to the the text than it is to
one of the things worth keeping in mind and this is you know the next move on that like I did to
Nate I'll do it there like you know the the notion of the con the internally produced context is an
externally produced context that you're enforcing, right? Like, so not external internal becomes a
problem there but it's you know increasingly I just feel like arguments about statements are always
arguments about context and in the academy at least you know we at least recognize that distinction
that arguments about statements are are in fact arguments about which context is the appropriate
context or whatever whatever um, but but nevertheless I I I still feel as if um, there is a kind of uh cheap
liberalism that comes out of that which is to say, well, that's just a different context or that statement
wasn't a different context than this and so context becomes this way of kind of equalizing the
differences uh between things that we all just oh okay well that's a different context this is a different
context and that's the thing that I kind of want to push back against is this is that notion of
a that there is a context that would be a proper con context. Well, first of all that the argument over
texts are actually not over text they're always over context and then you know the next step that is
that contexts are never any more given than texts, right? So what you know if you accept that and this
that's just the argument of Derrida and signature that context right like it is I don't think I'm saying
anything that he doesn't say very explicitly there which is there you know the concept of context can
what is it conceals beneath it um, ambiguities of a very determinate philosophical nature which for him
is humanism, you know, that the very concept of context and how it functions is entirely a humanist concept and
it's it's it's one that at least from what I can tell is just absolutely unquestioned in academia
that the concept of context is something that everybody uses and nobody says what the
Fuck do we mean by context? They might ask, what the fuck do we mean by this context? Right, like, but they
don't ask what the fuck do we mean by the operation of assigning a context and differentiating it from
you know etc. etc. So because I don't know, yeah no, it's not historical work be if you didn't presume the
value of a notion of context like, right? Yeah, that movement is unconsidered in most even sophisticated
like in rhetorical theory like, uh, a standard notion of rhetorical context is that basic known
notion of externality and you outline that in that chapter. Um, I do think, you know, in Deleuze clearly
you get the more rigorous, uh, complex notion of context that you articulated before that
um, and I think and to a certain extent you get that in Hegel, you certainly get it in Zizek's Hegel.
This is still something I will concede. This is sort of a, uh, a point for you guys.
I thought it wasn't about winning, fucker. No, no, I'll give you guys one assist here. Um, I don't know
if it's always in Hegel, like context is certainly primary and it's certainly considered, but he still
has God in there. Hegel was still a good Lutheran. Um, so that is something I, Zizek doesn't exactly
waver on, but he sort of just bulldozes past the the critique has to be internal and this is something that
uh, he points to right on this next passage that we are kind of resting on here.
Either on uh paragraph
We're actually at two hours, so let's not turn to the text just so yeah, let's not read. Sorry, this is
our so I was just going to point to something real quick, but he basically says like the the critique
has to be internal to unfold what he calls the fundamental proposition, which is the speculative
movement of the dialectic right? So it's like you can't come from an outside perspective and that's
the reason why this person's wrong. No, they're wrong internally, and it's they're not simply wrong
they're also correct because they're symptomatic of this movement, so it's that. Yeah, but that's an
interesting that's an interesting moment related to our previous conversation about the inside outside
question because uh and I I'm looking for that same thing where he says like it's not an external
critique, it's an internal critique that matters, the external being superfluous and secondary or
something to that effect and and so I mean I both have the response that I you know we talked through
before about exteriority seeing being seen as secondary derivative at the same time I get what he's saying
which is to say uh and agree with in that sense of like you know it's the easiest thing in the world
to say well the problem with Hegel so far is he hasn't talked about gender um or he hasn't talked about
race or he hasn't talked you know what I mean and that would be what I would call an external
critique, like bringing categories that are that are not the categories with which he is working
to to play and finding them missing or inadequately treated here and and that is so that's a particular
I mean part of the issue here is we have so many different senses of critique right that that we use
this word but there is a kind of critique that is bringing something that the thing is not talking
about and then finding the thing wanting for not having those elements in them. That's one where I
very much share with Hegel like those are external and secondary. I want the interior imminent critique
ones and I can say that and at the same time say I don't believe in the interior exterior division
right that that for for me I would say if you start from a premise of exteriority the questions then
are it's not like everything then becomes the same and that sort of critique of race is the same as
reason playing itself out you just if you start from all exteriority then you have to think how is the
exteriority that appears as interiority different from an exteriority that appears as exteriority you
see what I'm saying like that so you can hang on to at least to me I would want to hang on to because I'm
with him on that is don't bring in something from outside and say it's lacking in the text
right which is the most common and easiest move that anyone can make um so that and that's just it's not
that it's wrong, it's just banal and and super easy and that imminent critique is much much harder to
do play the thing out and as he says and I we got to find that passage at least for next time
play the thing out to the point where it's not even worth critiquing anymore. I mean that's effectively
what he says right is if you run the logic of the thing out it won't warrant a critique after that
and that's I mean how is that not what we've been saying about the sort of general the logic of the
the generosity is you know you go after Barad with a kind of imminence that that at the end you're like
well wow she got me to this incredibly interesting way of thinking that doesn't make me even want to
critique her anymore, so right? Yeah, the imminence, the imminent critique. I mean, it it can be disorienting
but it can also be entirely productive, and I think that, I mean, that's Derrida's whole approach, I think
like almost exclusively where there's, I mean, he is the best example of I think a contemporary uh you
know exerciser of that kind of internal critique where he embodies the position and the and the
conceptual material of the person he's dealing with so thoroughly to the point of like you've been
kind of endorsing to that level of indistinction, right? Although I think that to lose his work early work
did that a lot too, but he he just he lacks the beginning part where you sort of presume a you
know figure acts as something distinct and then it gets indistinct as you move forward. Like like his I'm
thinking of his cont books like oh no here's just what happens when you take when you run you know the um
you know cont out and anyone who's you know dogmatically content that's just not common
because we're at our two hours so to give the last word to Hegel if the if the refutation is thorough
it is derived and developed from the principle itself not accomplished by counter-assertions and
random thoughts from the outside, so there is that element externality means accident uh non-necessary
whatever so so um the refutation would therefore properly consist in the further development of the
principle and then thus and thus in remedying the defectiveness right so in other words by following
out pursuing out pursuing out the the logic of the principle you undo the need of critiquing
the principle but if i heard that right that this is more of the um external critique because if you
keep on running it out it will eventually be able to include the fill in the blank I think this is if the
refutation is thorough it is derived and developed from the principle itself not accomplished by
counter-assertions random thoughts from the outside the refutation would therefore properly consist
in the further development of the principle and in thus remedying the defectiveness if it did not
mistakenly pay attention solely to its negative action without awareness of its progress and result of
their positive side too that would be the critique of what Nate's doing with plural right? Like that, like
the problem Nate is that you're just paying attention solely to the negative action without
awareness of its progress and result on the positive side. Well I well I'm not I'm not doing that but
okay. I mean it's a it's where you you articulate the defects not simply as defects but as necessary
right? So it's not simply you're not saying Barad's wrong, you're saying that well the the language of
right and wrong doesn't seem to be useful here, but you're saying that she the mistakes that Barad makes
are necessary mistakes uh they're not simply to be discarded in my thinking and hers and anyone's
it's that now she's maybe not completely self-conscious of those movements I think you could
still make so here but but you're right so here's the difference you're right okay so here's where I'm
wrong because I'm saying uh if he says the refutation would therefore properly consist in the further
development of the principle and in thus remedying the defectiveness if it doesn't just pay attention to the
negative action but you're what I'm thinking of that as attributing that to the principle and you're
thinking that as like well you can do that as somebody else outside of the principle who's like
looks at the principle refutes it by developing it and then offers a kind of counterbalance whereas I'm
saying the counterbalance would be the same as the right you know from the same source right
principle so I I see how you get the there you can have more antagonism in there and less generosity
than I'm yes I could or gender generosity by the way isn't really a great word for it because it's also
pretty violent it's like I'm going to take her thing and make it right right
yeah that generosity it's a little mean it's a little cold there's some coldness to that generosity
so
you